Cron: adding note for improvement (#515)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/1.5/scalers/cron.md

- `timezone` is one of the acceptable values from the IANA Time Zone Database. The list of timezones can be found in: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones. Required.
- `start` is the cron expression indicating the start of the cron schedule. Required.
- `end` is the cron expression indicating the end of the cron schedule. Required.

> > **Notice:**
> > - **start and end should not be same.** For example:
> > ```yaml
> > start: 30 * * * *
> > end: 30 * * * *  # Invalid input
> >```
> > - The above schedule is invalid.

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
> **Notice:**
> **Start and end should not be same.**
> 
> For example, the following schedule is not valid:
> ```yaml
> start: 30 * * * *
> end: 30 * * * *
>```
```

Author: Sure @tomkerkhove I'll make the change. Any other suggestion?

- `timezone` is one of the acceptable values from the IANA Time Zone Database. The list of timezones can be found in: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones. Required.
- `start` is the cron expression indicating the start of the cron schedule. Required.

> - `end` is the cron expression indicating the end of the cron schedule. Required.
> 
> > **Notice:**
> > **Start and end should not be same.**
> >
> > For example, the following schedule is not valid:
> > ```yaml
> > start: 30 * * * *
> > end: 30 * * * *
> >```
> 
> - `desiredReplicas` is the number of replicas to which the resource has to be scaled between the start and end of the cron schedule. Required.

Reviewer: I've missed this in the initial review but let's list all parameters first and then drop the notice.

```suggestion
- `end` is the cron expression indicating the end of the cron schedule. Required.
- `desiredReplicas` is the number of replicas to which the resource has to be scaled between the start and end of the cron schedule. Required.

> **☝ Notice - Start and end should not be same.**
>
> For example, the following schedule is not valid:
> ```yaml
> start: 30 * * * *
> end: 30 * * * *
>```

```

Author: @tomkerkhove  sure thing.
